_docs-v4/third-party/angular.md, before:

---
title: Angular Component
title_for_landing: Angular
---

FullCalendar seamlessly integrates with the [Angular]. It provides a component that exactly matches the functionality of FullCalendar's standard API.

<div class='spec' markdown='1' style='font-family:inherit'>
This package is in **beta**. [Learn more &raquo;](https://fullcalendar.io/blog/2019/04/react-vue-and-angular-connectors)
</div>

This component is built and maintained by [irustm](https://github.com/irustm) in partnership with the maintainers of FullCalendar. It is the official Angular connector, released under an MIT license, the same license the standard version of FullCalendar uses. Feel free to [browse the repo](https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-angular). Please don't forget the [bug report instructions]({{ site.baseurl }}/reporting-bugs).

This document does not go into depth about initializing an Angular project. However, we have provided an example project for you to consult, which this document roughly follows. It was initially set up with the `ng new` command of the [Angular CLI], but with lots of stuff stripped out including testing and linting. [View the example project &raquo;][example project]

The first step is to install the FullCalendar-related dependencies. You'll need the Angular adapter, the core package, and any additional plugins you plan to use:

```bash
npm install --save @fullcalendar/angular @fullcalendar/core @fullcalendar/daygrid
```

You must then include the `FullCalendarModule` into your app's root module. An example module in its entirety ([app.module.ts]):

```js
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { FullCalendarModule } from '@fullcalendar/angular'; // for FullCalendar!
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    FullCalendarModule // for FullCalendar!
  ],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

Then, in one of your app's component files ([app.component.ts]), you must prepare an array of FullCalendar plugins:

```js
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import dayGridPlugin from '@fullcalendar/daygrid';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./app.component.scss']
})
export class AppComponent {

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin]; // important!

}
```

Then, in your component's template file ([app.component.html]), you have access to the `<full-calendar>` tag. You must pass your plugins into this declaration!

```
<full-calendar defaultView="dayGridMonth" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```


## CSS

You must manually include the stylesheets for FullCalendar's core and plugins. One way to do this is to include them from your project's global scss stylesheet ([styles.scss]):

```scss
@import '~@fullcalendar/core/main.css';
@import '~@fullcalendar/daygrid/main.css';
```

The prefixed `~` tells Sass to look in the `node_modules` directory.

DO NOT include these stylesheets from your component's CSS file ([app.component.scss]). They will get scoped to your component and won't work properly.

An alternative to using the global stylesheet is to include them in your project's [angular.json] under the `projects.PROJECTNAME.architect.build.options.styles` array.


## Properties

The `<FullCalendar>` component is equipped with [all of FullCalendar's options][docs toc]! Just pass them in as properties. As with any Angular component, use `[bracketed]` property names for bound JavaScript expression and normal property names otherwise. Example:

```
<full-calendar
  defaultView="dayGridMonth"
  [plugins]="calendarPlugins"
  [weekends]="false"
  [events]="[
    { title: 'event 1', date: '2019-04-01' },
    { title: 'event 2', date: '2019-04-02' }
  ]"
></full-calendar>
```


## Emitted Events

A listener can be passed into an Angular component that will be called when something happens. For example, the [dateClick](dateClick) handler is called whenever the user clicks on a date. The way you pass these into the `<full-calendar>` component is different than properties:

```
<full-calendar (dateClick)="handleDateClick($event)" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

They are written `(likethis)`. Then, in the JavaScript, write your handler method:

```js
export class AppComponent {

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin];

  handleDateClick(arg) { // handler method
    alert(arg.dateStr);
  }

}
```

Don't mix up when to use properties versus events! For help deciding which is which, consult the [giant list of properties and events][component options] in the connector's source code.


## Accessing FullCalendar's API

Hopefully you won't need to do it often, but sometimes it's useful to access the underlying `Calendar` object for raw data and methods.

This is especially useful for controlling the current date. The [defaultDate](defaultDate) prop will set the *initial* date of the calendar, but to change it after that, you'll need to rely on the [date navigation methods](date-navigation).

To do something like this, you'll need to get ahold of the [ViewChild reference][ViewChild]. In the template:

```
<full-calendar #calendar [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

Once you've explicitly marked your child component (`#calendar`), you can get the underlying `Calendar` object via the `getApi` method:

```js
import { Component, ViewChild } from '@angular/core';
import { FullCalendarComponent } from '@fullcalendar/angular';
// ...

export class AppComponent {

  // references the #calendar in the template
  @ViewChild('calendar') calendarComponent: FullCalendarComponent;

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin];

  someMethod() {
    let calendarApi = this.calendarComponent.getApi();
    calendarApi.next();
  }

}
```


## Scheduler

How do you use [FullCalendar Scheduler's](scheduler) premium plugins with Angular? They are no different than any other plugin. Just follow the same instructions as you did `dayGridPlugin` in the above example. Also, make sure to include your `schedulerLicenseKey`:

```js
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import resourceTimelinePlugin from '@fullcalendar/resource-timeline';

// ...
export class AppComponent {
  calendarPlugins = [resourceTimelinePlugin];
}
```

```
<full-calendar schedulerLicenseKey="XXX" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

Also, make sure all the correct stylesheets are being included.


[Angular]: https://angular.io/
[Angular CLI]: https://cli.angular.io/
[example project]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular
[app.module.ts]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.module.ts
[app.component.ts]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.ts
[app.component.scss]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.scss
[app.component.html]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.html
[styles.scss]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/styles.scss
[angular.json]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/angular.json
[docs toc]: https://fullcalendar.io/docs#toc
[component options]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-angular/blob/master/projects/fullcalendar/src/lib/fullcalendar-options.ts
[ViewChild]: https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild

Commit message:

code playgrounds for new projects

_docs-v4/third-party/angular.md, after:

---
title: Angular Component
title_for_landing: Angular
---

FullCalendar seamlessly integrates with the [Angular]. It provides a component that exactly matches the functionality of FullCalendar's standard API.

<div class='spec' markdown='1' style='font-family:inherit'>
This package is in **beta**. [Learn more &raquo;](https://fullcalendar.io/blog/2019/04/react-vue-and-angular-connectors)
</div>

This component is built and maintained by [irustm](https://github.com/irustm) in partnership with the maintainers of FullCalendar. It is the official Angular connector, released under an MIT license, the same license the standard version of FullCalendar uses. Feel free to [browse the repo]({{ site.fullcalendar_angular_repo }}). Please don't forget the [bug report instructions]({{ site.baseurl }}/reporting-bugs).

This document does not go into depth about initializing an Angular project. However, we have provided an example project for you to consult, which this document roughly follows. It was initially set up with the `ng new` command of the [Angular CLI], but with lots of stuff stripped out including testing and linting. [View the example project &raquo;][example project]

The first step is to install the FullCalendar-related dependencies. You'll need the Angular adapter, the core package, and any additional plugins you plan to use:

```bash
npm install --save @fullcalendar/angular @fullcalendar/core @fullcalendar/daygrid
```

You must then include the `FullCalendarModule` into your app's root module. An example module in its entirety ([app.module.ts]):

```js
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { FullCalendarModule } from '@fullcalendar/angular'; // for FullCalendar!
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    FullCalendarModule // for FullCalendar!
  ],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

Then, in one of your app's component files ([app.component.ts]), you must prepare an array of FullCalendar plugins:

```js
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import dayGridPlugin from '@fullcalendar/daygrid';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./app.component.scss']
})
export class AppComponent {

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin]; // important!

}
```

Then, in your component's template file ([app.component.html]), you have access to the `<full-calendar>` tag. You must pass your plugins into this declaration!

```
<full-calendar defaultView="dayGridMonth" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```


## CSS

You must manually include the stylesheets for FullCalendar's core and plugins. One way to do this is to include them from your project's global scss stylesheet ([styles.scss]):

```scss
@import '~@fullcalendar/core/main.css';
@import '~@fullcalendar/daygrid/main.css';
```

The prefixed `~` tells Sass to look in the `node_modules` directory.

DO NOT include these stylesheets from your component's CSS file ([app.component.scss]). They will get scoped to your component and won't work properly.

An alternative to using the global stylesheet is to include them in your project's [angular.json] under the `projects.PROJECTNAME.architect.build.options.styles` array.


## Properties

The `<FullCalendar>` component is equipped with [all of FullCalendar's options][docs toc]! Just pass them in as properties. As with any Angular component, use `[bracketed]` property names for bound JavaScript expression and normal property names otherwise. Example:

```
<full-calendar
  defaultView="dayGridMonth"
  [plugins]="calendarPlugins"
  [weekends]="false"
  [events]="[
    { title: 'event 1', date: '2019-04-01' },
    { title: 'event 2', date: '2019-04-02' }
  ]"
></full-calendar>
```


## Emitted Events

A listener can be passed into an Angular component that will be called when something happens. For example, the [dateClick](dateClick) handler is called whenever the user clicks on a date. The way you pass these into the `<full-calendar>` component is different than properties:

```
<full-calendar (dateClick)="handleDateClick($event)" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

They are written `(likethis)`. Then, in the JavaScript, write your handler method:

```js
export class AppComponent {

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin];

  handleDateClick(arg) { // handler method
    alert(arg.dateStr);
  }

}
```

Don't mix up when to use properties versus events! For help deciding which is which, consult the [giant list of properties and events][component options] in the connector's source code.


## Accessing FullCalendar's API

Hopefully you won't need to do it often, but sometimes it's useful to access the underlying `Calendar` object for raw data and methods.

This is especially useful for controlling the current date. The [defaultDate](defaultDate) prop will set the *initial* date of the calendar, but to change it after that, you'll need to rely on the [date navigation methods](date-navigation).

To do something like this, you'll need to get ahold of the [ViewChild reference][ViewChild]. In the template:

```
<full-calendar #calendar [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

Once you've explicitly marked your child component (`#calendar`), you can get the underlying `Calendar` object via the `getApi` method:

```js
import { Component, ViewChild } from '@angular/core';
import { FullCalendarComponent } from '@fullcalendar/angular';
// ...

export class AppComponent {

  // references the #calendar in the template
  @ViewChild('calendar') calendarComponent: FullCalendarComponent;

  calendarPlugins = [dayGridPlugin];

  someMethod() {
    let calendarApi = this.calendarComponent.getApi();
    calendarApi.next();
  }

}
```


## Scheduler

How do you use [FullCalendar Scheduler's](scheduler) premium plugins with Angular? They are no different than any other plugin. Just follow the same instructions as you did `dayGridPlugin` in the above example. Also, make sure to include your `schedulerLicenseKey`:

```js
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import resourceTimelinePlugin from '@fullcalendar/resource-timeline';

// ...
export class AppComponent {
  calendarPlugins = [resourceTimelinePlugin];
}
```

```
<full-calendar schedulerLicenseKey="XXX" [plugins]="calendarPlugins"></full-calendar>
```

Also, make sure all the correct stylesheets are being included.


## Runnable Example

We've adapted this example to run in a code playground. [View the runnable example &raquo;]({{ site.fullcalendar_angular_playground }})



[Angular]: https://angular.io/
[Angular CLI]: https://cli.angular.io/
[example project]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular
[app.module.ts]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.module.ts
[app.component.ts]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.ts
[app.component.scss]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.scss
[app.component.html]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/app/app.component.html
[styles.scss]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/src/styles.scss
[angular.json]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-example-projects/blob/master/angular/angular.json
[docs toc]: https://fullcalendar.io/docs#toc
[component options]: https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-angular/blob/master/projects/fullcalendar/src/lib/fullcalendar-options.ts
[ViewChild]: https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild
