_docs-v4/event-model/rrule-plugin.md, before:

---
title: RRule Plugin
---

The RRule plugin is a connector to the [rrule js library](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/rrule). It is powerful for specifying recurring events, moreso than FullCalendar's built-in [simple event recurrence](recurring-events).

It introduces some new [event properties](event-parsing):

```js
import { Calendar } from '@fullcalendar/core';
import rrulePlugin from '@fullcalendar/rrule';
...
let calendar = new Calendar(calendarEl, {
  plugins: [ rrulePlugin ],
  events: [
    {
      // standard property
      title: 'my recurring event',

      rrule: 'DTSTART:20120201T103000Z\nRRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;INTERVAL=5;UNTIL=20120601;BYDAY=MO,FR',
      // ...or, an object...
      rrule: {
        freq: 'weekly',
        interval: 5,
        byweekday: [ 'mo', 'fr' ],
        dtstart: '2012-02-01T10:30:00',
        until: '2012-06-01'
      },

      // for specifying the end time of each instance
      duration: '02:00'
    }
  ]
});
...
```

If you are using `<script>` tags and browser globals, you must ensure the original non-plugin `rrule.js` dist file [from the rrule site](https://jakubroztocil.github.io/rrule/) is included on your page first.

The `rrule` property accepts whatever the rrule lib accepts for a `new RRule`. [See the docs](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/rrule). You can specify a string or an object.

If you're specifying an object, you can write some of the properties in a way that's more convenient than what rrule requires:

- You don't need to use the RRule constants like `RRule.WEEKLY`. You can just specify the string `'weekly'`. This is better for JSON serialization.
- You can specify `dtstart` as an [ISO8601 string](date-parsing). If the string has a time part, the event will be all-day. The time part will determine each recurrence's start time. If it doesn't have a UTC offset, it will be parsed according to the current [timeZone](timeZone).
- You can specify `until` as an [ISO8601 string](date-parsing). If it doesn't have a UTC offset, it will be parsed according to the current [timeZone](timeZone).

The `duration` property must be something that [parses into a Duration](duration-object). If not specified, each event will appear to have the default duration. See [defaultAllDayEventDuration](defaultAllDayEventDuration), [defaultTimedEventDuration](defaultTimedEventDuration), and [forceEventDuration](forceEventDuration) for more info.

Commit message:

Added some clarification on ISO8601 dates
As suggested in https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar-site-static/pull/109, it might be a good idea to clarify the handling of basic and extended date and date-times. Users that have to write their own parser to comply with what Fullcalendar understands in contrast to what RFC5545 defines might find this information rather usefull.

_docs-v4/event-model/rrule-plugin.md, after:

---
title: RRule Plugin
---

The RRule plugin is a connector to the [rrule js library](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/rrule). It is powerful for specifying recurring events, moreso than FullCalendar's built-in [simple event recurrence](recurring-events).

It introduces some new [event properties](event-parsing):

```js
import { Calendar } from '@fullcalendar/core';
import rrulePlugin from '@fullcalendar/rrule';
...
let calendar = new Calendar(calendarEl, {
  plugins: [ rrulePlugin ],
  events: [
    {
      // standard property
      title: 'my recurring event',

      rrule: 'DTSTART:20120201T103000Z\nRRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;INTERVAL=5;UNTIL=20120601;BYDAY=MO,FR',
      // ...or, an object...
      rrule: {
        freq: 'weekly',
        interval: 5,
        byweekday: [ 'mo', 'fr' ],
        dtstart: '2012-02-01T10:30:00',
        until: '2012-06-01'
      },

      // for specifying the end time of each instance
      duration: '02:00'
    }
  ]
});
...
```

If you are using `<script>` tags and browser globals, you must ensure the original non-plugin `rrule.js` dist file [from the rrule site](https://jakubroztocil.github.io/rrule/) is included on your page first.

The `rrule` property accepts whatever the rrule lib accepts for a `new RRule`. [See the docs](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/rrule). You can specify a string or an object. Note that in the string you CAN use date and date-time formats in the [basic ISO8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Calendar_dates) as suggested in [RFC5545](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.4). With objects on the contrary, you MUST use the extended ISO8601 format (with hyphens) as Fullcalendar may drop objects that use the basic format)

If you're specifying an object, you can write some of the properties in a way that's more convenient than what rrule requires:

- You don't need to use the RRule constants like `RRule.WEEKLY`. You can just specify the string `'weekly'`. This is better for JSON serialization.
- You can specify `dtstart` as an [ISO8601 string](date-parsing). If the string has a time part, the event will be all-day. The time part will determine each recurrence's start time. If it doesn't have a UTC offset, it will be parsed according to the current [timeZone](timeZone).
- You can specify `until` as an [ISO8601 string](date-parsing). If it doesn't have a UTC offset, it will be parsed according to the current [timeZone](timeZone).

The `duration` property must be something that [parses into a Duration](duration-object). If not specified, each event will appear to have the default duration. See [defaultAllDayEventDuration](defaultAllDayEventDuration), [defaultTimedEventDuration](defaultTimedEventDuration), and [forceEventDuration](forceEventDuration) for more info.
