_docs-v6/date-display/day-header-render-hooks.md, before:

---
title: Day-Header Render Hooks
---


Customize the header elements above the day cells in daygrid and timegrid views with the following options. Also, the title elements for each day in list view. For the timeline view, see the [slot render hooks](slot-render-hooks).

`dayHeaderClassNames` - a [ClassName Input](classname-input) for adding classNames to the header `<th>` cell

`dayHeaderContent` - a [Content Injection Input](content-injection). Generated content is inserted *inside* the inner-most wrapper of the header cell. It does not replace the `<th>` cell.

`dayHeaderDidMount` - called right after the `<th>` has been added to the DOM

`dayHeaderWillUnmount` - called right before the `<th>` will be removed from the DOM


## Argument

When the above hooks are specified as a function in the form `function(arg)`, the `arg` is an object with the following properties:

- `date` - Date object
- `text`
- `isPast`
- `isFuture`
- `isToday`
- `isOther`
- `resource` - if the date column lives under a specific resource in [vertical resource view](vertical-resource-view), this value will be the [Resource Object](resource-object)
- `el` - the `<th>` element. only available in `dayHeaderDidMount` and `dayHeaderWillUnmount`

Commit message:

Note that the day header hook may receive UTC dates.
For day headers that do not represent specific dates, like weekdays in a month view, the provided `Date` instant must be interpreted as UTC. If not done so, day headers may show the wrong weekday.

_docs-v6/date-display/day-header-render-hooks.md, after:

---
title: Day-Header Render Hooks
---


Customize the header elements above the day cells in daygrid and timegrid views with the following options. Also, the title elements for each day in list view. For the timeline view, see the [slot render hooks](slot-render-hooks).

`dayHeaderClassNames` - a [ClassName Input](classname-input) for adding classNames to the header `<th>` cell

`dayHeaderContent` - a [Content Injection Input](content-injection). Generated content is inserted _inside_ the inner-most wrapper of the header cell. It does not replace the `<th>` cell. For day headers that do not represent specific dates, like weekdays in a month view, the provided `Date` instant must be interpreted as UTC.

`dayHeaderDidMount` - called right after the `<th>` has been added to the DOM

`dayHeaderWillUnmount` - called right before the `<th>` will be removed from the DOM


## Argument

When the above hooks are specified as a function in the form `function(arg)`, the `arg` is an object with the following properties:

- `date` - Date object
- `text`
- `isPast`
- `isFuture`
- `isToday`
- `isOther`
- `resource` - if the date column lives under a specific resource in [vertical resource view](vertical-resource-view), this value will be the [Resource Object](resource-object)
- `el` - the `<th>` element. only available in `dayHeaderDidMount` and `dayHeaderWillUnmount`
